I'm speaking Tuesday the 13th - 5 minute experiment overview.

Reviewed fundamentals of a good presentation.

Not too much pictures or text, delete stuff that isn't relevant, no full sentences, audience shouldn't have to read the slide text, you shouldn't read your slides, organize, simple, think about audience, practice, make it a story.

In the lab, we developed some python code to send commands to the chaotic oscillator. I got code from chatGPT and nick added to it so the data was collected properly and displayed on a phase space graph. We started modifying the frequency and amplitude values to see how the graph was affected.



After lab, us 439's met in 105 to talk about our presentations for next week:

1. Concise, narrative, minimal text/images, no full sentences, memorized, engaged, confident, passionate about subject, understand audience (use words they would know, topics relevant to them)

2. If the speaker is reading directly from the slides, not making eye contact, saying uh often, speaking too quietly/too fast/too slow, giving inaccurate information, and generally doing the opposite of the things in question one, I would consider that a very 'bad' talk. Also if the slides are too information dense or don't have a main point.

An example of a bad presentation I saw recently was in machine component design class. The presentation was done by a student and the goal was to explain how to solve a homework problem for the sake of building communication skills. The speaker spoke quietly and quickly, and the slides included were long and somewhat difficult to follow. The equations were written in plain text rather than LaTeX or Microsoft equation writer.

3. A good talk has the speaker confidently engaging with the audience, speaking from memory with concise, understandable, relevant slides to accompany.

Examples of good talks can be seen with most professional speakers, like presidential speeches such as Lincoln's Gettysburg Address.


also flow from slide to slide: info on slides should be the key details/takeaways.