Data trials have been running since Thursday and it still has about 12 hours remaining to complete.

While waiting for them, we decided to take inventory and see how many additional boxes we can create using the parts we have.

We want to laser cut new acrylic pieces thursday and wrap up our data collection on next tuesday.
With the new pieces, we intent to make a step by step assembly guide for a complete MCO.

Bill of materials - circuit board:
0.1 microfarad ceramic capacitor 2x
0.47 microfarad ceramic capacitor 1x
TL062P OP AMP 1x
5MM LED 5x
FQP 20N06 MOSFET 1x
FQP 17P06 MOSFET 1x
MOSFET heatsink 2x
Red, Green and Black female banana sockets 1x each (3x total)
ED2637-ND wire to board terminal 2x
500 ohm resistor 5x
10k ohm resistor 3x Need 0.1% or better
11k ohm resistor 1x
20k ohm resistor 2x Need 0.1% or better
56k ohm resistor 1x
teensy 3.1 microcontroller 1x

Various screws nuts and spacers all brass.

micrometer 1x
1/4"x1/4"x1/4" cylinder magnet 3x

MCO Box:
**Frame** 
(All made with 3mm acrylic)
front, back, left, right, top, middle, and bottom pieces 1x each
rotor guides 4x
rubber feet spacers 4x

black and red female banana sockets 1x each


**Rotor** 
Inertial disk 1x
1/4" aluminum rod with m4 tapped end 1x
Shaft needs to be sanded down for bearings to fit on it. Use lathe and sandpaper to get the tolerance right.
Afterwards cut it to 150mm and tap 8-32 threads in one end.
Encoder 1x
1/4" bearings R168 open, 1/4x3/8x1/8 2x
shaft collar 2x - can be printed or use aluminum ones

**Magnetic Coils**
(All made with 3mm acrylic)
Inner coil:
Outer face 2x
Inner face 2x
Spacer 2x

Outer coil:
Outer face 2x
Inner face 2x
Spacer 2x

Enough copper wire to wrap all 4 coils in 100 turns or more.

**3D printed part**
Dipole holder 1x
(Print solid. Needs to be drilled to 1/4" and the set screw hole tapped with 4-40 thread)

Also, we want to create a step by step guide to building an MCO for posterity

Assembly guide for self reference
Stack the coil pieces together and bolt them with 5/8" brass screws/nuts
Wind the coils using a lathe, 100 turns each, potentially more if the winding is really neat. Make sure each pair of coils has the same number of windings though!
Afterwards, leave a good length of wire sticking out for later, maybe 5 inches. Either hot glue or kapton tape the windings down to anchor them.
Attach feet and bearing stop to the bottom frame piece. If the
feet are too short, put spacers under them: the screws holding
the bearing stop should not touch the tabletop.

From Eric's assembly guide:
• Place bottom bearing in the bottom frame.
• Mount banana jacks for the field coil supply in the side plate.
• Join coils into 4-coil assembly, making sure the wire leadss are
out of the way.
• Put the coil assembly on the bottom frame piece, and place one
side piece to help hold things in place. Rubber bands may be
helpful here.
• Place both collars, the dipole holder, the magnets, and the top
bearing on the shaft, and put the shaft in place.
• Put the “middle” frame piece in place, with the top bearing cen-
tered in the plate. Adjust the collars so that the top bearing
stays where it belongs.
• Put in the second side, double-check the collar placement.
2
• Attach the bottom plate of the rotation sensor. There’s not much
room to adjust this, but check with the alignment guide supplied
just to make sure it’s centered.
• Add the quadrature disk to the shaft “stack” and align its height
with the sensor. Once everything is aligned, put the cover on the
sensor assembly and close it up with 4-40 screws.
• Put the flywheel on top of the shaft, secure it with an 8-32 screw.
• Stick a magnet to the end of the micrometer, secure it with a
turn of tape if you think it’s needed. Mount the micrometer on
the top plate.
• Put top and back in place.
• Solder the field coil windings to the banana jacks. The coils
should be in series, with the current the same direction in both
coils.
• Solder the drive coil windings together so that they are also in
series, with the current in the same direction.
• Mount the side and front plates. Hold things with rubber bands
for the moment. Stand back and admire your work.


I made a complete bill of materials in excel and used chatgpt to make a function to show what we had enough of and what we needed more of to make 8 more MCO's which is the 
number of teensys and pcb's we have (limiting factor sortof)

prompt: 
write an excel if statment for this data: quantity needed per MCO - quantity available currently - quantity needed for 8 more MCO's - enough? 2 3 16 ? 1 3 8 ? 1 9 8 ? in the question marks place, it should say yes if theres more than or equal to quantity needed for 8 more in the quantity available currently spot, but if less than it should say no and how many are still needed

output:
You can use the following IF statement in Excel to achieve this:

excel

`=IF(C2 >= B2 * 8, "Yes", "No, " & B2 * 8 - C2 & " needed")`

Place this formula in cell D2, assuming your data is in columns A through C. Then drag it down to apply to the other rows.

This formula checks if the quantity available for 8 more MCOs (B2 * 8) is greater than or equal to the quantity available currently (C2). If it is, it returns "Yes". If not, it returns "No" along with the difference between the needed quantity and the available quantity.

The code worked after changing the cell assignments to the correct ones in my excel document.